Update “File drag and drop” doc to mention inability to use setDragImage and setData when dragging files into the browser from the OS (#28874)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/html_drag_and_drop_api/file_drag_and_drop/index.md

```

> **Note:** {{domxref("HTMLElement/dragstart_event", "dragstart")}} and {{domxref("HTMLElement/dragend_event", "dragend")}} events are not fired when dragging a file into the browser from the OS. To detect when OS files are dragged into the browser, use {{domxref("HTMLElement/dragenter_event", "dragenter")}} and {{domxref("HTMLElement/dragleave_event", "dragleave")}}.

> > This means that it is not possible to use {{domxref("DataTransferItem.setDragImage","setDragImage()")}} to apply a custom drag image/cursor overlay when dragging files from the OS, because the drag data store is read-only in all events other than{{domxref("HTMLElement/dragstart_event", "dragstart")}}. This also applies to {{domxref("DataTransferItem.setData","setData()")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This means that it is not possible to use {{domxref("DataTransferItem.setDragImage","setDragImage()")}} to apply a custom drag image/cursor overlay when dragging files from the OS, because the drag data store is read-only in all events other than {{domxref("HTMLElement/dragstart_event", "dragstart")}}. This also applies to {{domxref("DataTransferItem.setData","setData()")}}.
```

> > This means that it is not possible to use {{domxref("DataTransferItem.setDragImage","setDragImage()")}} to apply a custom drag image/cursor overlay when dragging files from the OS, because the drag data store is read-only in all events other than {{domxref("HTMLElement/dragstart_event", "dragstart")}}. This also applies to {{domxref("DataTransferItem.setData","setData()")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This means that it is not possible to use [`setDragImage()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/DataTransfer/setDragImage) to apply a custom drag image/cursor overlay when dragging files from the OS — because the drag data store is read-only in all events other than {{domxref("HTMLElement/dragstart_event", "dragstart")}}. This also applies to {{domxref("DataTransferItem.setData","setData()")}}.
```

> > This means that it is not possible to use [`setDragImage()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/DataTransfer/setDragImage) to apply a custom drag image/cursor overlay when dragging files from the OS — because the drag data store is read-only in all events other than {{domxref("HTMLElement/dragstart_event", "dragstart")}}. This also applies to {{domxref("DataTransferItem.setData","setData()")}}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This means that it is not possible to use [`setDragImage()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/DataTransfer/setDragImage) to apply a custom drag image/cursor overlay when dragging files from the OS — because the drag data store can only be modified in  the {{domxref("HTMLElement/dragstart_event", "dragstart")}} event. This also applies to {{domxref("DataTransferItem.setData","setData()")}}.
```

Reviewer 2: the `DataTransfer.setData()` is incorrectly linked to `DataTransferItem.setData()`
